feat(content): Alternate Gegno intro ending if hostile with Quarg (#8684)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/gegno/gegno intro missions.txt

				launch
			
			label "hostile quarg"
			`	After fiddling with it, the <alien> marks a new location and presents it to you. "Oukeug," they say, and gesture you to depart in a fashion of urgency. You look at the location and realize that it's the nearby Quarg ringworld. Considering your history with the Quarg, they likely won't be welcoming you in open arms, to say the least. The <alien> abruptly jabs you with their elbow, motioning you once more to take off.`

> 			`	You begin prepping your ship for depature, and the <alien> leaves your ship. They walk towards the others, have a brief discussion, and another smaller group of <aliens> arrive with what looks to be some type of fueling device. After a minute or so of fidgeting with it, they manage to hook it up to your ship. These <aliens> look shorter and thinner than the others, and wear more leather-like garments than heavy metal ones - but their demenaor is just as rigid. Once your ship's fuel has been filled, the <alien> that has been guiding you points towards the sky. Visiting the Quarg isn't an option, so it seems associating with these <aliens> is unlikely for the foreseeable future.`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			`	You begin preparing your ship for departure, and the <alien> leaves your ship. They walk towards the others, have a brief discussion, and another smaller group of <aliens> arrive with what looks to be some type of fueling device. After a minute or so of fidgeting with it, they manage to hook it up to your ship. These <aliens> look shorter and thinner than the others, and wear more leather-like garments than heavy metal ones - but their demeanor is just as rigid. Once your ship's fuel has been filled, the <alien> that has been guiding you points towards the sky. Visiting the Quarg isn't an option, so it seems associating with these <aliens> is unlikely for the foreseeable future.`
```
